Welcome to this class on
building data science teams.
I'm really excited to teach you about
recruiting, managing, organizing, and
evaluating data science teams to help
your organization get better with data.
I thought I'd tell you a little
bit about myself to start.
So I'm very excited about data and data
science, and I do a few different things
that are related to data and
data science because of that excitement.
So the first thing I wanted to tell you
about is I blog at simplystatistics, so
you can also find me on
Twitter @simplystats.
I talk about a lot of data science issues,
a lot of statistical issues, and
then a few more inside baseball
issues related to academics.
I do that with a couple of colleagues,
Roger Peng and Rafael Irizarry.
Roger Peng is another instructor
in this sequence with me.
I also teach in the Johns Hopkins
data science specialization.
So the Johns Hopkins Data Science
Specialization is a sequence of
nine classes.
And it's focused on teaching
data scientists who are actually
going to be on the ground doing data
science day to day how to do their jobs.
And so
that set of classes is incredibly popular.
It has enrolled over two million people.
And this sort of executive data
science sequence is sort of
building on the success and excitement
around that data science sequence.
And then finally I actually manage a team
of data scientists here at John's Hopkins.
I'm an associate professor of
biostatistics here at John's Hopkins, and
I lead a team that works on
data science for genomics.
So you can think of this as a way to use
genomic information say to personalize
health or to understand
natural biological variation.
So a lot of what I do day to day is
actually managing data scientist and
organizing them and
getting them to work with others.
And so I'm going to share some of
the experiences that I have from doing
that here at John Hopkins, and
hopefully help you to manage
your data science teams better.
I'm really looking forward
to seeing you in class.